update docs to reflect ea-framework (#2990)
smartcontractkit/external-adapters-js: .github/PULL_REQUEST_TEMPLATE.md

## Quality Assurance

- [ ] If a new adapter was made, or an existing one was modified so that its environment variables have changed, update the relevant `infra-k8s` configuration file.
- [ ] If a new adapter was made, or an existing one was modified so that its environment variables have changed, update the relevant `adapter-secrets` configuration file or update the [soak testing blacklist](/packages/scripts/src/get-changed-adapters/soakTestBlacklist.ts).
- [ ] If a new adapter was made, or a new endpoint was added, update the `test-payload.json` file with relevant requests.

> - [ ] The branch naming follows git flow (`feature/x`, `chore/x`, `release/x`, `hotfix/x`, `fix/x`) or is created from Clubhouse/Shortcut

Reviewer: Good catch on the line below! We can update to Jira here too
```suggestion
- [ ] The branch naming follows git flow (`feature/x`, `chore/x`, `release/x`, `hotfix/x`, `fix/x`) or is created from Jira
```
